hey guys for this video I thought I
might share with you my routine my curly
hair routine and honestly my routine is
pretty basic and simple I do have two
different routines that wonderful where
I'm going to work and one for you know
if I'm going out on a date or you know
out with my girls to the club so the
first one I'll show you is the one that
I know if I'm going to work tomorrow or
something like that I will use I wash my
hair obviously shampoo conditioner
I had the regular shampoo for bitch
chicks there you go and then I also have
a sulfate free conditioner from mix
chicks
okay umm when I feel like I really
wanted to do like a good cleaning in my
hand that's when I'll use the sulfate
free conditioner I don't use it often
because this is a lot more expensive
than their regular shampoo from its
chicks
I believe this one was 1789 or 1899 and
the regular shampoo was like fourteen
thirty 99 so yeah they're coming
expensive I'm not sure if you guys know
this but I got fees and Target so
there's now selling the mixed chicks
like Target so that's awesome because I
love mixed chicks products and then I
put the mix it mix chicks deep
conditioner in my hair and this is what
the tab looks like some people wash all
other deep conditioner out of a hair but
honestly I don't this is a great deep
conditioner I just have always kept my
conditioners in my hair it's just
something I personally do so Levi's deep
conditioner in my hair get out I'll go
ahead and put the leave-in conditioner
it's so conditioned on top of
conditioner on my hair is to leave in
it's awesome and this was 1999 from
Target it's a little expensive but you
know honestly I love mix tricks prom
products so to me it's worth it I'll put
that in there and then because I do have
type 3b curls they can get a little
and my hair has a whole lot of body to
it but you know I love big hair I'll
probably continue to say this big hair
is awesome to me
I love the way it looks on me anyway
and to other girls as well I'll go ahead
and put on the curl enhancing smoothie
by Shea Moisture and I also got this
from Target I believe it was $9.99 I'm a
target girl what can I say
no it was $9.99 and it smells it smells
really good it smells awesome I'm so
I'll go ahead and put that in and then
I'll go ahead and put some natural seven
oil from maybe I proclaim just on the
edges and at the ends of my hair I'm
after that I'll go ahead and um diffuse
my hair cuz I do like I don't have
patience let my hair air dry
I just want my hair done not dripping
down my back don't saying um but before
I go ahead and um defuse I will let my
hair stand for about 15 minutes and then
go ahead and then diffuse and just like
that and move around you know I might do
a tutorial on defusing but I'm going off
and that's just basically it um and that
was completely easy and there's really
nothing to do with that the next one I
do is if I'm going out with my
girlfriends or on a date I want my hair
to be really popping um I'll go ahead
and again wash my hair with my mic's
chicks
um keeping Miley on my deep conditioner
and then I'll also put in the new
conditioner with Miss Jessie quick curls
now I did a little review on the quick
curls and I absolutely love quick curls
it is awesome like I said it does have a
little smell to it but my curls come out
awesome with this product
and then really put a little bit of the
argan oil argan oil on my edges here in
the ends of my hair and that is diffuse
and that's it really easy I don't put a
lot of product in my hair and then my
hair comes out like this big and like I
said I don't mind big hair I don't mind
a little bit of friends like when I was
younger though I had this thing my hair
has to be you know perfect winglets and
spirals but now I kind of embrace the
imperfect parts of my hair and I love it
so that's that's basically it that's my
routine um I hope you guys like it it's
really easy um share what you do with me
hit me up on Twitter and Instagram again
that I heart Ashley and I'll see you
guys later bye
you